docs: rewrite driver documentation (#372)
tachyon-zcash/ragu: book/src/guide/drivers.md

# Drivers

> The **driver** abstraction provides a unified interface that enables the same circuit code to work across different execution contexts. A driver is a compile-time specialized backend that determines how a circuit is handled at runtime.

Reviewer: like arkworks, bellman, etc. they basically have a circuit API with a driver trait that implements the constraint system and is generic over a particularly backend, and you can have different backends for different synthesis passes. definitionally that models an interpreter.

## Execution Contexts

There are different kinds of execution we're particularly interested in distinguishing between:

### In-circuit versus out-of-circuit

Recursive proofs require algorithms to execute both as circuit constraints (in-circuit) and as direct computations (out-of-circuit). Writing these algorithms generically over the `Driver` trait ensures the same implementation works in both contexts, maintaining consistency for completeness with little runtime overhead.

### Witness generation versus constraint synthesis

**Constraint synthesis** builds the circuit's structure—determining what wires exist, what multiplication gates connect them, and what linear constraints they must satisfy. It answers: "What truths must hold?"

> **Witness generation** computes the actual field element values that satisfy those constraints. It answers: "Do these truths hold?"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Constraint synthesis** builds the circuit's structure: the wires and the constraints between them. 
**Witness generation** computes the concrete value of all wires that satisfy those constraints. 
A synthesized circuit holds symbolic wires and descriptions of their relationship. 
```

^^ just my attempt, feel free to ignore.
